You've made it to the end of the threats vulnerabilities as an Internet response course.
At this point, you know how to assess threats,
including identifying threat actors and creating threat profiles.
You learned how to find security vulnerabilities that threat actors may try to
exploit as well as how to use industry resources like MITRE ATT&CK framework.
You also learned how to launch
a vulnerability scan and even cracked a few passwords as a part of penetration testing.
So many great skills acquired here.
During the second half of the course,
you got introduced to the ins and outs of planning for remediation.
You learned about how to calculate CVSS severity scores,
how to leverage the MITRE CVE framework to research vulnerabilities,
and consider various factors as you prioritize findings, and finally,
you learned about the incident response process and planning,
and recognizing indicators of compromise as well as the importance of digital forensics.
You even searched for clues to unmask a planned heist in the lab environment.
You've done so much and without a doubt,
these are essential skills that companies need in order to remain secure.
Congratulations on completing the course and best wishes along your journey.